README.md, before:

# Vue Audio Survey Tool

A for now quick & a bit dirty tool that is intended to collect data for
Audio-only surveys.

Utilizes JWT based on Session-IDs as a rather basic security mechanism and prevents duplicate users.

## How to get started

1. Clone Repo
2. Navigate to folder in terminal and run `npm i` or `yarn` followed by `lerna bootstrap`
3. Run `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` to start the development server on both packages
4. Navigate to `http://localhost:1337/` in a browser to access the frontend
5. Start configuring by editing `config.js` for the frontend and given variables of `main.js` for the server

Additional configurations for a route can be made in the according Vue-Components and the store actions they use.

## API

Currently the server only has 2 routes `/meta` and `/audio`.

`/meta` accepts `PUT`-Requests with a `JSON` body with the default shape of
```
{
	firstName: String
	lastName: String
	dateOfBirth: String (yyyy-MM-dd, zero padded)
	nativeLanguage: String
	dateTime: String (yyyy-MM-dd_HH:mm, zero padded)
	sessionID: String (dateTime_firstName_lastName)
}
```

Shape of the formatted strings can be edited in `metaDataModule.js`.


`/audio` accepts our audio recordings with a Content-Type of `multipart/form-data`.

In the default configuration a request is constructed in the following way:
```
filename: String (sessionID_questionID — file extension is currently set by server)
foldername: String (sessionID)
audio: Blob / File
```

## Security
In terms of security you need to add your own salt to the soup.
By default the server generates JWT Bearer Token by the metadata sent by
the client, which might be enough for you if using `HTTPS` (please do so).

Also registered users are currently stored in a plain `JSON` file, which you
should **NEVER EVER** do in a public production server, but i did not want to
add a database to this project, since that usually tends to be a matter of
technology preference for everyone.

## Error Handling
The frontend is configured to show every Error in an `alert` window, which is a
rather unelegant solution, so feel free to customize that.


Credits go to [Audio Recorder Polyfill] for the MediaRecorder Polyfill, [Vue
Audio Recorder] for the mixin inspiration and [vue-2-webpack-4-boilerplate] for
the boilerplate.

[audio recorder polyfill]: https://github.com/ai/audio-recorder-polyfill
[vue audio recorder]: https://github.com/grishkovelli/vue-audio-recorder
[vue-2-webpack-4-boilerplate]:https://github.com/samteb/vue-2-webpack-4-boilerplate

Commit message:

add shuffled questions for balanced data in case of unfinished survey

README.md, after:

# Vue Audio Survey Tool

A for now quick & a bit dirty tool that is intended to collect data for
Audio-only surveys.

Utilizes JWT based on Session-IDs as a rather basic security mechanism and prevents duplicate users.

## Questions

The location of the questions is `/src/questions.json`.

## How to get started

1. Clone Repo
2. Navigate to folder in terminal and run `npm i` or `yarn` followed by `lerna bootstrap`
3. Run `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` to start the development server on both packages
4. Navigate to `http://localhost:1337/` in a browser to access the frontend
5. Start configuring by editing `config.js` for the frontend and given variables of `main.js` for the server

Additional configurations for a route can be made in the according Vue-Components and the store actions they use.

## API

Currently the server only has 2 routes `/meta` and `/audio`.

`/meta` accepts `PUT`-Requests with a `JSON` body with the default shape of

```
{
	firstName: String
	lastName: String
	dateOfBirth: String (yyyy-MM-dd, zero padded)
	nativeLanguage: String
	dateTime: String (yyyy-MM-dd_HH:mm, zero padded)
	sessionID: String (dateTime_firstName_lastName)
}
```

Shape of the formatted strings can be edited in `metaDataModule.js`.


`/audio` accepts our audio recordings with a Content-Type of `multipart/form-data`.

In the default configuration a request is constructed in the following way:
```
filename: String (sessionID_questionID — file extension is currently set by server)
foldername: String (sessionID)
audio: Blob / File
```

## Security
In terms of security you need to add your own salt to the soup.
By default the server generates JWT Bearer Token by the metadata sent by
the client, which might be enough for you if using `HTTPS` (please do so).

Also registered users are currently stored in a plain `JSON` file, which you
should **NEVER EVER** do in a public production server, but i did not want to
add a database to this project, since that usually tends to be a matter of
technology preference for everyone.

## Error Handling
The frontend is configured to show every Error in an `alert` window, which is a
rather unelegant solution, so feel free to customize that.


Credits go to [Audio Recorder Polyfill] for the MediaRecorder Polyfill, [Vue
Audio Recorder] for the mixin inspiration and [vue-2-webpack-4-boilerplate] for
the boilerplate.

[audio recorder polyfill]: https://github.com/ai/audio-recorder-polyfill
[vue audio recorder]: https://github.com/grishkovelli/vue-audio-recorder
[vue-2-webpack-4-boilerplate]:https://github.com/samteb/vue-2-webpack-4-boilerplate
